# Interactive-Assignment-Tool
For courses with a large number of recitations, assignment of graduate students to these recitation slots is an error prone and a hard task. There are a lot of hard constraints that must not be violated and may be some soft constraints / preferences that can be observed. For courses with tens of such people, each coming with his/her own hard/soft constraints, assigning these people to the recitation slots is very time consuming. The purpose of this project is to develop a tool that can be used to solve this problem. It is going to be web based tool, which will firstly let the participants enter their constraints to the system. The tool can then be used interactively by the managers of the course, to assign the people to the slots. The tool will guide this manual process by highlighting any hard constraint violated (or by not allowing any hard constraint to be violated), by suggesting slots for people based on their preferences etc. Potentially, an automatic assignment of people to the time slot can also be considered, which will maximize the overall satisfaction of the participants. The project requires knowledge on database and web technologies. Hence we mainly need CS students. In addition, we may have one IE student on board, for automatic assignment algorithm part, and for the general project management purposes. The outcome of this project will be used internally for the assignment process explained above. However, if the tool is designed in a general way, it can actually be used as an interactive/automatic tool for general assignment problems with hard/soft constraints.
